top water fishing is probably the most
exciting type of bass fishing but when
the top water bite isn't on there's a
simple and deadly adjustment you can
make to get the bass to bite and that's
what Chad Hoover is going to look at in
this week's kayak fishing tip brought to
you by wilderness Systems makers of the
ride tarpon and Commander series of
premium fishing kayaks all right so I'll
admit that I'm one of those people that
is really fond of a top water bite so
much so that a lot of times I will go
down with the ship to not catch a fish
to just keep trying to make the top
water bite work so I've got a lure that
lately has become my go-to lure for this
kind of situation and what it is is it's
the bombshell turtle and may have heard
of it already kind of works off the
premise that a bass a a turtle is a
natural enemy of a bass their nest
Raiders and you can rig it with the just
a standard three or four all wide gap
worm hook and then put a weight in front
of it but there's so much stringy grass
in here the way we're going to rig it
today at least initially is we're just
using a screw law hook with a keel
weight on it and screw that down nice
and tight up against the eye of the hook
there's a slit in the belly for rigging
it just bring it in and line it up with
the mark put your thumb there and then
bring that hook through tore it just
sits up on top of the back and just
slightly skinned it because that weight
is because it's kill waiting because
these legs are facing away from each
other if you cast it on let it fall it
actually flutters down almost like it's
on a parachute when you use the weight
in the front it'll dive and climb which
can be a really realistic presentation I
just don't want to mess with this grass
so Jeff what we're going to do is we're
going to glide this by casting it outlet
and hit the water you just kind of lift
your rod tip up and then let it glide in
until there's a swoop in the line fall
and you're going to reel your slack up
raise your rod tip up about three or
four inches deep you know
and when it falls down it can actually
settle on the grass you could snatch it
up out of there and it'll come out of
there clean because the kill weight will
set it down on the grass and the legs
almost like act like landing gear so
keep up just a tiny little bit of skin
in there put a little bit of that
crawfish scent on there and let's go hit
these pockets and reel these edges with
the bombshell turtle and see if we can
change this slow bite into a show bite
I've actually the one and only
smallmouth that I've that I've caught an
8 was one that I got hooked it really
broke my heart I let it go like three
times and three times it swam off and I
filleted it split it open and in its
belly the turtle about that size I'd
never really thought much of it until he
brought these and showed them to me but
it makes perfect sense you know they're
opportunistic feeders in the water on
the surface right below the surface
pretty cool
you